Update CLI Quickstart to Use Dependency Manager (#732)
onflow/docs: docs/build/getting-started/quickstarts/flow-cli.md

```
mkdir cli-quickstart
cd cli-quickstart
```

Next, we'll initialize a new Flow project with the CLI:

```
flow init
```

This will create a `flow.json` file in your project directory. This file is used to configure your project and describe the setup of your contracts, networks, and accounts.

It will also have a default `emulator-account` created for you. We'll use this account to interact with the emulator later on.

<Callout type="info">
For additional details on how `flow.json` is configured, [read here.](../../../tools/flow-cli/flow.json/configuration.md)
</Callout>

## Grabbing the HelloWorld Contract

For this demo, we are going to be interacting with a simple `HelloWorld` contract that is already deployed on Flow's `testnet` network. In order to grab this project dependency, we'll use Flow's [Dependency Manager](../../../tools/flow-cli/dependency-manager.md) to install it into our project.

```
flow dependencies add testnet://0x9dca641e9a4b691b.HelloWorld
```

This will add the `HelloWorld` contract and any of its dependencies to an `imports` directory in your project (you can gitignore this directory). It will also add any dependencies to your `flow.json` file.

> During the install, it will also prompt you as to which account you'd like to have the contract deployed to. For this tutorial, you can select the default `emulator-account`. You can then interact with them in the local emulator or on any other network just as you would any contract you've written locally and deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the install you'll be prompted to specify which account to deploy the contracts to. For this tutorial, you can select the default `emulator-account`.
```

> If you want to see what the contract looks like, you can open it up and you will see this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opening the contract file in your editor you should see the following:
```

}
```

This contract has a `greeting` variable that can be read and changed. It also has a `changeGreeting` function that allows you to change the greeting.

## Deploying the Contract to Emulator

Emulator is a local version of the Flow blockchain that you can use to test your contracts and scripts. It's a great way to develop and test your contracts without having to interact with the `testnet` or `mainnet`.

Before we deploy, let's open a new terminal window and run the emulator:

```
flow emulator start
```

To deploy the `HelloWorld` contract to the emulator, you can run the following command:

```
flow project deploy
```

> The contract will now have been deployed to the account you selected earlier. You can now interact with it with a script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contract will now have been deployed to the account you selected earlier. You can now interact with it using a script.
```

## Running Scripts

> On Flow, scripts are used to read data from the Flow blockchain. There is no state modification. In our case, we are going to read a greeting from the `HelloWorld` contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scripts are used to read data from the Flow blockchain. There is no state modification. In our case, we are going to read a greeting from the `HelloWorld` contract.
```
